[docs] Explain checks in Contributing (#18033)
mui-org/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

### How to increase the chance of being accepted?

> We run a series of checks automatically when a PR is opened (CI). If you're not

Reviewer: x4

```suggestion
We run a series of checks automatically when a Pull Request is opened (CI). If you're not
```

We don't use the acronym in the document, at least, not yet. I propose that we stick to the long-form. I have seen some people ask: what's a PR? a press release? 😆

> sure you can always open a Pull Request and the GitHub UI will display a serious of checks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sure if you changes will pass, you can always open a Pull Request and the GitHub UI will display  a summary of
```

> that will run. If one of them fails check out the section about [Checks and how to fix them](#checksfix).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the results. If one of them fails check out the section [Checks and how to fix them](#checksfix).
```

  See [About TypeScript demos](#about-typescript-demos).
- The Pull Request title follows the pattern `[Component] Imperative commit message`. (See: [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative) for a great explanation)

#### Checks and how to fix them

If any of the checks fails click on the _Details_

> link and checkout the logs of the build to find out why it failed. The following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
link and review out the logs of the build to find out why it failed. The following
```

Author: Did you mean only `review` or `review out`? Never heard the latter one.

section gives an overview what each check is responsible for.

##### ci/codesandbox

> This task should not fail in isolation. It creates codesandboxes that use the version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This task should not fail in isolation. It creates a CodeSandbox sandbox that uses the version
```

(A bit of a mouthful, but more technically correct?)

Author: ```suggestion
This task should not fail in isolation. It creates multiple sandboxes on CodeSandbox.com that use the version
```
codesandbox.com also uses just the term "sandbox" e.g. `Create Sandbox` or `Create React Sandbox`.

of Material-UI that was built from this Pull Request. Use it to test more complex scenarios.

##### ci/circleci: checkout

> A preflight check to see if the dependencies and lockfile is ok. Running `yarn`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A preflight check to see if the dependencies and lockfile are ok. Running `yarn`
```

and `yarn deduplicate` should fix most of the issues.

##### ci/circleci: test_static

> Checks code format and lints the repository. The log of the failed build should explain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Checks code format, and lints the repository. The log of the failed build should explain
```

how to fix the issues.

##### ci/circleci: test_unit-1

Runs the unit tests in a `jsdom` environment. If this fails then `yarn test:unit`

> should fail locally as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
should fail locally as well. (You can narrow the scope of tests run with `yarn test:unit -g ComponentName`.)
```
?

Author: Yes this is definitely important. I'll add a link to the `--grep` documentation. Nowadays I use e.g. `"<Tab />"` to avoid also running tests for Tabs. Maybe there are some hints how to grep for test filename.

Reviewer: Should we recommend `yarn test:watch` for faster repeated runs?

Author: Not right now. It's broken.

##### ci/circleci: test_browser-1

Runs the unit tests in multiple browsers (via Browserstack). The log of the failed
build should list which browsers failed. If Chrome failed then `yarn test:karma`
should fail locally as well. If other browsers failed debugging might be trickier.

##### ci/circleci: test_regression-1

Renders tests in `test/regressions/tests` and makes screenshots. This step shouldn't

> fail if the others pass. Otherwise a maintainer will take a look. The screenshots

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fail if the others pass. Otherwise, a maintainer will take a look. The screenshots
```

are evaluated in another step.

##### argos

Evaluates the screenshots taken in `test/regressions/tests` and fails if it detects
differences. This doesn't necessarily mean your Pull Request will be rejected as a failure
might be intended. Clicking on _Details_ will show you the differences.

#### ci/circleci: test_types

Typechecks the repository. The log of the failed build should list all issues.

##### deploy/netlify

> Renders a preview of our docs with your changes if it succeeds. Otherwise `yarn docs:build`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renders a preview of the docs with your changes if it succeeds. Otherwise `yarn docs:build`
```

or `yarn docs:export` usually fail locally as well.

##### mui-org.material-ui (Azure Pipelines)

This task is mostly responsible for monitoring the bundle size. It will only report

> the size and not fail if it exceeds a certain threshold. If it fails there's usually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the size if the change exceeds a certain threshold. If it fails there's usually
```

something wrong with the how the packages or docs were built.

#### codecov/project

> Monitors coverage of our tests. A reduction in coverage isn't necessarily bad but

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Monitors coverage of the tests. A reduction in coverage isn't necessarily bad but
```

> it's always appreciated if we can improve it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it's always appreciated if it can be improved.
```

Author: Right. There was a discussion a few weeks back about `we/our` usage.

#### Misc

> There are various other checks done by netlify to check integrity of our docs. Click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are various other checks done by Netlify to check the integrity of our docs. Click
```

Material-UI documents how to use this library with TypeScript.

> If you are familiar with that language, write the demo in TypeScript, and only, in a \*.tsx file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with this language, write the demo in TypeScript, and only, in a \*.tsx file.
```
